Terms of Service
These Terms govern your use of company and the products, features, apps, services, technologies and software that we offer (the company Products or Products), except where we expressly state that separate Terms (and not these) apply.
Our services
Our mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. To help advance this mission, we provide the products and services described below to you:
Provide a personalised experience for you:
Your experience on company is unlike anyone else's: from the posts, stories, events, ads and other content that you see in News Feed or our video platform to the Pages that you follow and other features that you might use, such as Trending, Marketplace and search. We use the data we have – for example, about the connections you make, the choices and settings you select, and what you share and do on and off our Products – to personalise your experience.
Connect you with people and organisations that you care about:
We help you find and connect with people, groups, businesses, organisations and others that matter to you across the company Products you use. We use the data that we have to make suggestions for you and others – for example, groups to join, events to attend, Pages to follow or send a message to, shows to watch and people who you may want to become friends with. Stronger ties make for better communities, and we believe that our services are most useful when people are connected to people, groups and organisations that they care about.
Empower you to express yourself and communicate about what matters to you:
There are many ways to express yourself on company and to communicate with friends, family and others about what matters to you – for example, sharing status updates, photos, videos and stories across the company Products that you use, sending messages to a friend or several people, creating events or groups, or adding content to your profile. We have also developed, and continue to explore, new ways for people to use technology, such as augmented reality and 3   0 video to create and share more expressive and engaging content on company.
Help you discover content, products and services that may interest you:
We show you ads, offers and other sponsored content to help you discover content, products and services that are offered by the many businesses and organisations that use company and other company Products. Our partners pay us to show their content to you, and we design our services so that the sponsored content you see is as relevant and useful to you as everything else that you see on our Products.
Combat harmful conduct, and protect and support our community:
People will only build community on company if they feel safe. We employ dedicated teams around the world and develop advanced technical systems to detect misuse of our Products, harmful conduct towards others and situations where we may be able to help support or protect our community. If we learn of content or conduct like this, we will take appropriate action – for example, offering help, removing content, blocking access to certain features, disabling an account or contacting law enforcement. We share data with other company Companies when we detect misuse or harmful conduct by someone using one of our Products.
Use and develop advanced technologies to provide safe and functional services for everyone:
We use and develop advanced technologies such as artificial intelligence, machine learning systems and augmented reality so that people can use our Products safely regardless of physical ability or geographic location. For example, technology like this helps people who have visual impairments understand what or who is in photos or videos shared on company or company. We also build sophisticated network and communication technology to help more people connect to the Internet in areas with limited access. And we develop automated systems to improve our ability to detect and remove abusive and dangerous activity that may harm our community and the integrity of our Products.
Research ways to make our services better:
We engage in research and collaborate with others to improve our Products. One way we do this is by analysing the data we have and understanding how people use our Products. You can learn more about some of our research efforts.
Provide consistent and seamless experiences across the company Company Products:
Our Products help you find and connect with people, groups, businesses, organisations and others that are important to you. We design our systems so that your experience is consistent and seamless across the different company Company Products that you use. For example, we use data about the people you engage with on company to make it easier for you to connect with them on company or Messenger, and we enable you to communicate with a business that you follow on company through Messenger.
Enable global access to our services:
To operate our global service, we need to store and distribute content and data in our data centres and systems around the world, including outside your country of residence. This infrastructure may be operated or controlled by company, Inc., company Ireland Limited or its affiliates.
Return to top
   Our Data Policy and your privacy choices
To provide these services, we must collect and use your personal data. We detail our practices in the Data Policy, which you must agree to in order to use our Products.
We also encourage you to review the privacy choices that you have in your settings.
Return to top
   Your commitments to company and our community
We provide these services to you and others to help advance our mission. In exchange, we need you to make the following commitments:
  Who can use company
When people stand behind their opinions and actions, our community is safer and more accountable. For this reason, you must:
Use the same name that you use in everyday life.
Provide accurate information about yourself.
Create only one account (your own) and use your timeline for personal purposes.
Not share your password, give access to your company account to others or transfer your account to anyone else (without our permission).
We try to make company broadly available to everyone, but you cannot use company if:
You are under 13 years old (or the minimum legal age in your country to use our Products).
You are a convicted sex offender.
We've previously disabled your account for breaches of our Terms or Policies.
You are prohibited from receiving our products, services or software under applicable laws.
   What you can share and do on company
We want people to use company to express themselves and to share content that is important to them, but not at the expense of the safety and well-being of others or the integrity of our community. You therefore agree not to engage in the conduct described below (or to facilitate or support others in doing so):
You may not use our Products to do or share anything:
That breaches these Terms, our Community Standards and other Terms and Policies that apply to your use of company.
That is unlawful, misleading, discriminatory or fraudulent.
That infringes or breaches someone else's rights.
You may not upload viruses or malicious code, or do anything that could disable, overburden or impair the proper working or appearance of our Products.
You may not access or collect data from our Products using automated means (without our prior permission) or attempt to access data that you do not have permission to access.
We can remove content that you share in breach of these provisions and, if applicable, we may take action against your account, for the reasons described below. We may also disable your account if you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights.
To help support our community, we encourage you to report content or conduct that you believe breaches your rights (including intellectual property rights) or our terms and policies.
   The permissions you give us
We need certain permissions from you to provide our services:
Permission to use content that you create and share: You own the content that you create and share on company and the other company Products you use, and nothing in these Terms takes away the rights that you have to your own content. You are free to share your content with anyone else, wherever you want. To provide our services, however, we need you to give us some legal permissions to use this content.
Specifically, when you share, post or upload content that is covered by intellectual property rights (e.g. photos or videos) on or in connection with our Products, you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free and worldwide licence to host, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly perform or display, translate and create derivative works of your content (consistent with your privacy and application settings). This means, for example, that if you share a photo on company, you give us permission to store, copy and share it with others (again, consistent with your settings) such as service providers that support our service or other company Products that you use.
You can end this licence at any time by deleting your content or account. You should know that, for technical reasons, any content that you delete may persist for a limited period of time in backup copies (though it will not be visible to other users). In addition, content that you delete may continue to appear if you have shared it with others and they have not deleted it.
Permission to use your name, profile picture and information about your actions with ads and sponsored content: You give us permission to use your name and profile picture and information about actions that you have taken on company next to or in connection with ads, offers and other sponsored content that we display across our Products, without any compensation to you. For example, we may show your friends that you are interested in an advertised event or have liked a Page created by a brand that has paid us to display its ads on company. Ads like this can be seen only by people who have your permission to see the actions that you've taken on company. You can learn more about your ad settings and preferences.
Permission to update software that you use or download: If you download or use our software, you give us permission to download and install upgrades, updates and additional features to improve, enhance and further develop it.
Limits on using our intellectual property
If you use content covered by intellectual property rights that we have and make available in our Products (for example, images, designs, videos or sounds that we provide, which you add to content you create or share on company), we retain all rights to that content (but not yours). You can only use our copyrights or trademarks (or any similar marks) as expressly permitted by our Brand Usage Guidelines or with our prior written permission. You must obtain our written permission (or permission under an open source licence) to modify, create derivative works of, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract source code from us.
Return to top
Additional provisions
  Updating our Terms
We work constantly to improve our services and develop new features to make our Products better for you and our community. As a result, we may need to update these Terms from time to time to accurately reflect our services and practices. Unless otherwise required by law, we will notify you before we make changes to these Terms and give you an opportunity to review them before they go into effect. Once any updated Terms are in effect, you will be bound by them if you continue to use our Products.
We hope that you will continue using our Products, but if you do not agree to our updated Terms and no longer want to be a part of the company community, you can delete your account at any time.
   Account suspension or termination
We want company to be a place where people feel welcome and safe to express themselves and share their thoughts and ideas.
If we determine that you have breached our terms or policies, we may take action against your account to protect our community and services, including by suspending access to your account or disabling it. We may also suspend or disable your account if you create risk or legal exposure for us or when we are permitted or required to do so by law. Where appropriate, we will notify you about your account the next time you try to access it. You can learn more about what you can do if your account has been disabled.
If you delete or we disable your account, these Terms shall terminate as an agreement between you and us, but the following provisions will remain in place: 3, 4.2-4.
   Limits on liability
We work hard to provide the best Products we can and to specify clear guidelines for everyone who uses them. Our Products, however, are provided "as is", and we make no guarantees that they will always be safe, secure or error-free, or that they will function without disruptions, delays or imperfections. To the extent permitted by law, we also DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. We do not control or direct what people and others do or say, and we are not responsible for their actions or conduct (whether online or offline) or any content that they share (including offensive, inappropriate, obscene, unlawful and other objectionable content).
We cannot predict when issues may arise with our Products. Accordingly, our liability shall be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and under no circumstances will we be liable to you for any lost profits, revenues, information or data, or consequential, special, indirect, exemplary, punitive or incidental damages arising out of or related to these Terms or the company Products, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Disputes
We try to provide clear rules so that we can limit or hopefully avoid disputes between you and us. If a dispute does arise, however, it's useful to know up front where it can be resolved and what laws will apply.
If you are a consumer, the laws of the country in which you reside will apply to any claim, cause of action or dispute that you have against us, which arises out of or relates to these Terms or the company Products ("claim"), and you may resolve your claim in any competent court in that country that has jurisdiction over the claim. In all other cases, you agree that the claim must be resolved exclusively in the US District Court for the Northern District of California or a state court located in San Mateo County, that you submit to the personal jurisdiction of either of these courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim, and that the laws of the State of California will govern these Terms and any claim, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
Other
These Terms (formerly known as the Statement of Rights and Responsibilities) make up the entire agreement between you and company, Inc. regarding your use of our Products. They supersede any prior agreements.
Some of the Products we offer are also governed by supplemental Terms. If you use any of those Products, supplemental terms will be made available and will become part of our agreement with you. For instance, if you access or use our Products for commercial or business purposes, such as buying ads, selling products, developing apps, managing a group or Page for your business, or using our measurement services, you must agree to our Commercial Terms. If you post or share content containing music, you must comply with our Music Guidelines. To the extent that any supplemental Terms conflict with these Terms, the supplemental Terms shall govern to the extent of the conflict.
If any portion of these Terms is found to be unenforceable, the remaining portion will remain in full force and effect. If we fail to enforce any of these Terms, it will not be considered a waiver. Any amendment to or waiver of these Terms must be made in writing and signed by us.
You will not transfer any of your rights or obligations under these Terms to anyone else without our consent.
You may designate a person (called a legacy contact) to manage your account if it is memorialised. Only your legacy contact or a person who you have identified in a valid will or similar document expressing clear consent to disclose your content upon death or incapacity will be able to seek disclosure from your account after it is memorialised.
These Terms do not confer any third-party beneficiary rights. All of our rights and obligations under these Terms are freely assignable by us in connection with a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise.
You should know that we may need to change the username for your account in certain circumstances (for example, if someone else claims the username and it appears unrelated to the name that you use in everyday life).
We always appreciate your feedback and other suggestions about our products and services. But you should know that we may use them without any restriction or obligation to compensate you, and we are under no obligation to keep them confidential.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.
Return to top
Other Terms and Policies that may apply to you
Community Standards: These guidelines outline our standards regarding the content that you post to company and your activity on company and other company Products.
Commercial Terms: These Terms apply if you also access or use our Products for any commercial or business purpose, including advertising, operating an app on our Platform, using our measurement services, managing a group or a Page for a business or selling goods or services.
Advertising Policies: These Policies specify what types of ad content are allowed by partners who advertise across the company Products.
Self-Serve Ad Terms: These Terms apply when you use self-serve advertising interfaces to create, submit or deliver advertising or other commercial or sponsored activity or content.
Pages, Groups and Events Policy: These guidelines apply if you create or administer a company Page, group or event, or if you use company to communicate or administer a promotion.
company Platform Policy: These guidelines outline the Policies that apply to your use of our platform (for example, for developers or operators of a platform application or website or if you use social plugins).
Developer Payment Terms: These Terms apply to developers of applications that use company Payments.
Community Payment Terms: These Terms apply to payments made on or through company.
Commerce Policies: These guidelines outline the Policies that apply when you offer products and services for sale on company.
company Brand Resources: These guidelines outline the Policies that apply to the use of company trademarks, logos and screenshots.
Music Guidelines: These guidelines outline the Policies that apply if you post or share content containing music on company.


These Terms of Use govern your use of company and provide information about the company Service, outlined below. When you create an company account or use company, you agree to these terms.

The company Service is one of the company Products, provided to you by company, Inc. These Terms of Use therefore constitute an agreement between you and company, Inc.

The company Service
We agree to provide you with the company Service. The Service includes all of the company products, features, applications, services, technologies, and software that we provide to advance company's mission: To bring you closer to the people and things you love. The Service is made up of the following aspects (the Service):

Offering personalized opportunities to create, connect, communicate, discover, and share.
People are different. We want to strengthen your relationships through shared experiences you actually care about. So we build systems that try to understand who and what you and others care about, and use that information to help you create, find, join, and share in experiences that matter to you. Part of that is highlighting content, features, offers, and accounts you might be interested in, and offering ways for you to experience company, based on things you and others do on and off company.
Fostering a positive, inclusive, and safe environment.
We develop and use tools and offer resources to our community members that help to make their experiences positive and inclusive, including when we think they might need help. We also have teams and systems that work to combat abuse and violations of our Terms and policies, as well as harmful and deceptive behavior. We use all the information we have-including your information-to try to keep our platform secure. We also may share information about misuse or harmful content with other company Companies or law enforcement. Learn more in the Data Policy.
Developing and using technologies that help us consistently serve our growing community.
Organizing and analyzing information for our growing community is central to our Service. A big part of our Service is creating and using cutting-edge technologies that help us personalize, protect, and improve our Service on an incredibly large scale for a broad global community. Technologies like artificial intelligence and machine learning give us the power to apply complex processes across our Service. Automated technologies also help us ensure the functionality and integrity of our Service.
Providing consistent and seamless experiences across other company Company Products.
company is part of the company Companies, which share technology, systems, insights, and information-including the information we have about you (learn more in the Data Policy) in order to provide services that are better, safer, and more secure. We also provide ways to interact across the company Company Products that you use, and designed systems to achieve a seamless and consistent experience across the company Company Products.
Ensuring a stable global infrastructure for our Service.
To provide our global Service, we must store and transfer data across our systems around the world, including outside of your country of residence. This infrastructure may be owned or operated by company Inc., company Ireland Limited, or their affiliates.
Connecting you with brands, products, and services in ways you care about.
We use data from company and other company Company Products, as well as from third-party partners, to show you ads, offers, and other sponsored content that we believe will be meaningful to you. And we try to make that content as relevant as all your other experiences on company.
Research and innovation.
We use the information we have to study our Service and collaborate with others on research to make our Service better and contribute to the well-being of our community.

The Data Policy
Providing our Service requires collecting and using your information. The Data Policy explains how we collect, use, and share information across the company Products. It also explains the many ways you can control your information, including in the company Privacy and Security Settings. You must agree to the Data Policy to use company.


Your Commitments
In return for our commitment to provide the Service, we require you to make the below commitments to us.
Who Can Use company. We want our Service to be as open and inclusive as possible, but we also want it to be safe, secure, and in accordance with the law. So, we need you to commit to a few restrictions in order to be part of the company community.
You must be at least 13 years old or the minimum legal age in your country to use company.
You must not be prohibited from receiving any aspect of our Service under applicable laws or engaging in payments related Services if you are on an applicable denied party listing.
We must not have previously disabled your account for violation of law or any of our policies.
You must not be a convicted sex offender.
How You Can't Use company. Providing a safe and open Service for a broad community requires that we all do our part.
You can't impersonate others or provide inaccurate information.
You don't have to disclose your identity on company, but you must provide us with accurate and up to date information (including registration information). Also, you may not impersonate someone you aren't, and you can't create an account for someone else unless you have their express permission.
You can't do anything unlawful, misleading, or fraudulent or for an illegal or unauthorized purpose.
You can't violate (or help or encourage others to violate) these Terms or our policies, including in particular the company Community Guidelines, company Platform Policy, and Music Guidelines. Learn how to report conduct or content in our Help Center.
You can't do anything to interfere with or impair the intended operation of the Service.
You can't attempt to create accounts or access or collect information in unauthorized ways.
This includes creating accounts or collecting information in an automated way without our express permission.
You can't attempt to buy, sell, or transfer any aspect of your account (including your username) or solicit, collect, or use login credentials or badges of other users.
You can't post private or confidential information or do anything that violates someone else's rights, including intellectual property.
Learn more, including how to report content that you think infringes your intellectual property rights, here.
You can't use a domain name or URL in your username without our prior written consent.
Permissions You Give to Us. As part of our agreement, you also give us permissions that we need to provide the Service.
We do not claim ownership of your content, but you grant us a license to use it.
Nothing is changing about your rights in your content. We do not claim ownership of your content that you post on or through the Service. Instead, when you share, post, or upload content that is covered by intellectual property rights (like photos or videos) on or in connection with our Service, you hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to host, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly perform or display, translate, and create derivative works of your content (consistent with your privacy and application settings). You can end this license anytime by deleting your content or account. However, content will continue to appear if you shared it with others and they have not deleted it. To learn more about how we use information, and how to control or delete your content, review the Data Policy and visit the company Help Center.
Permission to use your username, profile picture, and information about your relationships and actions with accounts, ads, and sponsored content.
You give us permission to show your username, profile picture, and information about your actions (such as likes) or relationships (such as follows) next to or in connection with accounts, ads, offers, and other sponsored content that you follow or engage with that are displayed on company Products, without any compensation to you. For example, we may show that you liked a sponsored post created by a brand that has paid us to display its ads on company. As with actions on other content and follows of other accounts, actions on sponsored content and follows of sponsored accounts can be seen only by people who have permission to see that content or follow. We will also respect your ad settings. You can learn more here about your ad settings.
You agree that we can download and install updates to the Service on your device.

Additional Rights We Retain
If you select a username or similar identifier for your account, we may change it if we believe it is appropriate or necessary (for example, if it infringes someone's intellectual property or impersonates another user).
If you use content covered by intellectual property rights that we have and make available in our Service (for example, images, designs, videos, or sounds we provide that you add to content you create or share), we retain all rights to our content (but not yours).
You can only use our intellectual property and trademarks or similar marks as expressly permitted by our Brand Guidelines or with our prior written permission.
You must obtain written permission from us or under an open source license to modify, create derivative works of, decompile, or otherwise attempt to extract source code from us.

Content Removal and Disabling or Terminating Your Account
We can remove any content or information you share on the Service if we believe that it violates these Terms of Use, our policies (including our company Community Guidelines), or we are permitted or required to do so by law. We can refuse to provide or stop providing all or part of the Service to you (including terminating or disabling your account) immediately to protect our community or services, or if you create risk or legal exposure for us, violate these Terms of Use or our policies (including our company Community Guidelines), if you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights, or where we are permitted or required to do so by law. If we take action to disable or terminate your account, we will notify you where appropriate. If you believe your account has been terminated in error, or you want to disable or permanently delete your account, consult our Help Center.
Content you delete may persist for a limited period of time in backup copies and will still be visible where others have shared it. This paragraph, and the section below called "Our Agreement and What Happens if We Disagree," will still apply even after your account is terminated or deleted.

Our Agreement and What Happens if We Disagree
Our Agreement.
Your use of music on the Service is also subject to our Music Guidelines, and your use of our API is subject to our Platform Policy. If you use certain other features or related services, additional terms will be made available and will also become a part of our agreement. For example, if you use payment features, you will be asked to agree to the Community Payment Terms. If any of those terms conflict with this agreement, those other terms will govern.
If any aspect of this agreement is unenforceable, the rest will remain in effect.
Any amendment or waiver to our agreement must be in writing and signed by us. If we fail to enforce any aspect of this agreement, it will not be a waiver.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.
Who Has Rights Under this Agreement.
This agreement does not give rights to any third parties.
You cannot transfer your rights or obligations under this agreement without our consent.
Our rights and obligations can be assigned to others. For example, this could occur if our ownership changes (as in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets) or by law.

Who Is Responsible if Something Happens.
Our Service is provided "as is," and we can't guarantee it will be safe and secure or will work perfectly all the time. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE ALSO DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
We also don’t control what people and others do or say, and we aren’t responsible for their (or your) actions or conduct (whether online or offline) or content (including unlawful or objectionable content). We also aren’t responsible for services and features offered by other people or companies, even if you access them through our Service.
Our responsibility for anything that happens on the Service (also called "liability") is limited as much as the law will allow. If there is an issue with our Service, we can't know what all the possible impacts might be. You agree that we won't be responsible ("liable") for any lost profits, revenues, information, or data, or consequential, special, indirect, exemplary, punitive, or incidental damages arising out of or related to these Terms, even if we know they are possible. This includes when we delete your content, information, or account.
How We Will Handle Disputes.
If you are a consumer, the laws of the country in which you reside will apply to any claim, cause of action, or dispute you have against us that arises out of or relates to these Terms ("claim"), and you may resolve your claim in any competent court in that country that has jurisdiction over the claim. In all other cases, you agree that the claim must be resolved exclusively in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California or a state court located in San Mateo County, that you submit to the personal jurisdiction of either of these courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim, and that the laws of the State of California will govern these Terms and any claim, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
Unsolicited Material.
We always appreciate feedback or other suggestions, but may use them without any restrictions or obligation to compensate you for them, and are under no obligation to keep them confidential.

Updating These Terms
We may change our Service and policies, and we may need to make changes to these Terms so that they accurately reflect our Service and policies. Unless otherwise required by law, we will notify you (for example, through our Service) before we make changes to these Terms and give you an opportunity to review them before they go into effect. Then, if you continue to use the Service, you will be bound by the updated Terms. If you do not want to agree to these or any updated Terms, you can delete your account, here.




Our User Agreement has been updated. Click here to see a summary of changes.

Our mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Our services are designed to promote economic opportunity for our members by enabling you and millions of other professionals to meet, exchange ideas, learn, and find opportunities or employees, work, and make decisions in a network of trusted relationships.


When you use our Services you agree to all of these terms. Your use of our Services is also subject to our Cookie Policy and our Privacy Policy, which covers how we collect, use, share, and store your personal information.

You agree that by clicking “Join Now”, “Join company”, “Sign Up” or similar, registering, accessing or using our services (described below), you are agreeing to enter into a legally binding contract with company (even if you are using our Services on behalf of a company). If you do not agree to this contract (“Contract” or “User Agreement”), do not click “Join Now” (or similar) and do not access or otherwise use any of our Services. If you wish to terminate this contract, at any time you can do so by closing your account and no longer accessing or using our Services.

Services
This Contract applies to company.com, company-branded apps, Slideshare, company Learning and other company-related sites, apps, communications and other services that state that they are offered under this Contract (“Services”), including the offsite collection of data for those Services, such as our ads and the “Apply with company” and “Share with company” plugins. Registered users of our Services are “Members” and unregistered users are “Visitors”. This Contract applies to both Members and Visitors.

You are entering into this Contract with company (also referred to as “we” and “us”).

We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland.

If you reside in the “Designated Countries”, you are entering into this Contract with company Ireland Unlimited Company (“company Ireland”) and company Ireland will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.

If you reside outside of the “Designated Countries”, you are entering into this Contract with company Corporation (“company Corp.”) and company Corp. will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.

This Contract applies to Members and Visitors.

As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy (which includes our Cookie Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy) and updates.

Members and Visitors
When you register and join the company Service or become a registered user on SlideShare, you become a Member. If you have chosen not to register for our Services, you may access certain features as a “Visitor.”

Change
We may make changes to the Contract.

We may modify this Contract, our Privacy Policy and our Cookies Policies from time to time. If we make material changes to it, we will provide you notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. We agree that changes cannot be retroactive. If you object to any changes, you may close your account. Your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to these terms means that you are consenting to the updated terms.

Obligations
Service Eligibility
Here are some promises that you make to us in this Contract:

You’re eligible to enter into this Contract and you are at least our “Minimum Age.”

The Services are not for use by anyone under the age of 1   .

To use the Services, you agree that: (1) you must be the “Minimum Age” (described below) or older; (2) you will only have one company account (and/or one SlideShare account, if applicable), which must be in your real name; and (3) you are not already restricted by company from using the Services. Creating an account with false information is a violation of our terms, including accounts registered on behalf of others or persons under the age of 1   .

“Minimum Age” means 13 years old. However, if law requires that you must be older in order for company to lawfully provide the Services to you without parental consent (including using of your personal data) then the Minimum Age is such older age.

Your Account
You will keep your password a secret.

You will not share an account with anyone else and will follow our rules and the law.

Members are account holders. You agree to: (1) try to choose a strong and secure password; (2) keep your password secure and confidential; (3) not transfer any part of your account (e.g., connections) and (4) follow the law and our list of Dos and Don’ts and Professional Community Policies. You are responsible for anything that happens through your account unless you close it or report misuse.

As between you and others (including your employer), your account belongs to you. However, if the Services were purchased by another party for you to use (e.g. Recruiter seat bought by your employer), the party paying for such Service has the right to control access to and get reports on your use of such paid Service; however, they do not have rights to your personal account.

Payment
You’ll honor your payment obligations and you are okay with us storing your payment information. You understand that there may be fees and taxes that are added to our prices.

We don't guarantee refunds.

If you buy any of our paid Services (“Premium Services”), you agree to pay us the applicable fees and taxes and to additional terms specific to the paid Services. Failure to pay these fees will result in the termination of your paid Services. Also, you agree that:

Your purchase may be subject to foreign exchange fees or differences in prices based on location (e.g. exchange rates).
We may store and continue billing your payment method (e.g. credit card) even after it has expired, to avoid interruptions in your Services and to use to pay other Services you may buy.
If you purchase a subscription, your payment method automatically will be charged at the start of each subscription period for the fees and taxes applicable to that period. To avoid future charges, cancel before the renewal date. Learn how to cancel or suspend your Premium Services.
All of your purchases of Services are subject to company’s refund policy.
We may calculate taxes payable by you based on the billing information that you provide us at the time of purchase.
You can get a copy of your invoice through your company account settings under “Purchase History”.

Notices and Messages
You’re okay with us providing notices and messages to you through our websites, apps, and contact information. If your contact information is out of date, you may miss out on important notices.

You agree that we will provide notices and messages to you in the following ways: (1) within the Service, or (2) sent to the contact information you provided us (e.g., email, mobile number, physical address). You agree to keep your contact information up to date.

Please review your settings to control and limit messages you receive from us.

Sharing
When you share information on our Services, others can see, copy and use that information.

Our Services allow messaging and sharing of information in many ways, such as your profile, slide decks, links to news articles, job postings, InMails and blogs. Information and content that you share or post may be seen by other Members, Visitors or others (including off of the Services). Where we have made settings available, we will honor the choices you make about who can see content or information (e.g., message content to your addressees, sharing content only to company connections, restricting your profile visibility from search engines, or opting not to notify others of your company profile update). For job searching activities, we default to not notifying your connections network or the public. So if you apply for a job through our Service or opt to signal that you are interested in a job, our default is to share it only with the job poster.

We are not obligated to publish any information or content on our Service and can remove it in our sole discretion, with or without notice.

   Rights and Limits
    Your License to company
You own all of the content, feedback, and personal information you provide to us, but you also grant us a non-exclusive license to it.

We’ll honor the choices you make about who gets to see your information and content, including how it can be used for ads.

As between you and company, you own the content and information that you submit or post to the Services, and you are only granting company and our affiliates the following non-exclusive license:

A worldwide, transferable and sublicensable right to use, copy, modify, distribute, publish, and process, information and content that you provide through our Services and the services of others, without any further consent, notice and/or compensation to you or others. These rights are limited in the following ways:

You can end this license for specific content by deleting such content from the Services, or generally by closing your account, except (a) to the extent you shared it with others as part of the Service and they copied, re-shared it or stored it and (b) for the reasonable time it takes to remove from backup and other systems.
We will not include your content in advertisements for the products and services of third parties to others without your separate consent (including sponsored content). However, we have the right, without payment to you or others, to serve ads near your content and information, and your social actions may be visible and included with ads, as noted in the Privacy Policy.
We will get your consent if we want to give others the right to publish your content beyond the Services. However, if you choose to share your post as "public", we will enable a feature that allows other Members to embed that public post onto third-party services, and we enable search engines to make that public content findable though their services. Learn More
While we may edit and make format changes to your content (such as translating it, modifying the size, layout or file type or removing metadata), we will not modify the meaning of your expression.
Because you own your content and information and we only have non-exclusive rights to it, you may choose to make it available to others, including under the terms of a Creative Commons license.
You and company agree that if content includes personal data, it is subject to our Privacy Policy.

You and company agree that we may access, store, process and use any information and personal data that you provide in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy and your choices (including settings).

By submitting suggestions or other feedback regarding our Services to company, you agree that company can use and share (but does not have to) such feedback for any purpose without compensation to you.

You promise to only provide information and content that you have the right to share, and that your company profile will be truthful.

You agree to only provide content or information that does not violate the law nor anyone’s rights (including intellectual property rights). You also agree that your profile information will be truthful. company may be required by law to remove certain information or content in certain countries.

Service Availability
We may change, suspend or end any Service, or change and modify prices prospectively in our discretion. To the extent allowed under law, these changes may be effective upon notice provided to you.

We may change or discontinue any of our Services. We don’t promise to store or keep showing any information and content that you’ve posted.

company is not a storage service. You agree that we have no obligation to store, maintain or provide you a copy of any content or information that you or others provide, except to the extent required by applicable law and as noted in our Privacy Policy.

Other Content, Sites and Apps
Your use of others’ content and information posted on our Services, is at your own risk.

Others may offer their own products and services through our Services, and we aren’t responsible for those third-party activities.

By using the Services, you may encounter content or information that might be inaccurate, incomplete, delayed, misleading, illegal, offensive or otherwise harmful. company generally does not review content provided by our Members or others. You agree that we are not responsible for others’ (including other Members’) content or information. We cannot always prevent this misuse of our Services, and you agree that we are not responsible for any such misuse. You also acknowledge the risk that you or your organization may be mistakenly associated with content about others when we let connections and followers know you or your organization were mentioned in the news. Members have choices about this feature.

You are responsible for deciding if you want to access or use third-party apps or sites that link from our Services. If you allow a third-party app or site to authenticate you or connect with your company account, that app or site can access information on company related to you and your connections. Third-party apps and sites have their own legal terms and privacy policies, and you may be giving others permission to use your information in ways we would not. Except to the limited extent it may be required by applicable law, company is not responsible for these other sites and apps – use these at your own risk. Please see our Privacy Policy.

     Limits
We have the right to limit how you connect and interact on our Services.

company reserves the right to limit your use of the Services, including the number of your connections and your ability to contact other Members. company reserves the right to restrict, suspend, or terminate your account if company believes that you may be in breach of this Contract or law or are misusing the Services (e.g., violating any of the Dos and Don’ts or Professional Community Policies).

      Intellectual Property Rights
We’re providing you notice about our intellectual property rights.

company reserves all of its intellectual property rights in the Services. Using the Services does not give you any ownership in our Services or the content or information made available through our Services. Trademarks and logos used in connection with the Services are the trademarks of their respective owners. company, SlideShare, and “in” logos and other company trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used for our Services are trademarks or registered trademarks of company.

      Automated Processing
We use data and information about you to make relevant suggestions to you and others.

We will use the information and data that you provide and that we have about Members to make recommendations for connections, content and features that may be useful to you. For example, we use data and information about you to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date helps us to make these recommendations more accurate and relevant.

Disclaimer and Limit of Liability
No Warranty
This is our disclaimer of legal liability for the quality, safety, or reliability of our Services.

TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED UNDER LAW, company AND ITS AFFILIATES (AND THOSE THAT company WORKS WITH TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES) (A) DISCLAIM ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS (E.G. WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY OF DATA, AND NONINFRINGEMENT); (B) DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE SERVICES WILL FUNCTION WITHOUT INTERRUPTION OR ERRORS, AND (C) PROVIDE THE SERVICE (INCLUDING CONTENT AND INFORMATION) ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.

SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW CERTAIN DISCLAIMERS, SO SOME OR ALL OF THESE DISCLAIMERS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

 Exclusion of Liability
These are the limits of legal liability we may have to you.

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER LAW (AND UNLESS company HAS ENTERED INTO A SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT THAT OVERRIDES THIS CONTRACT), company AND ITS AFFILIATES (AND THOSE THAT company WORKS WITH TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES) SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR OTHERS FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, OPPORTUNITIES, REPUTATION, PROFITS OR REVENUES, RELATED TO THE SERVICES (E.G. OFFENSIVE OR DEFAMATORY STATEMENTS, DOWN TIME OR LOSS, USE OF, OR CHANGES TO, YOUR INFORMATION OR CONTENT).

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE LIABILITY OF company AND ITS AFFILIATES (AND THOSE THAT company WORKS WITH TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES) EXCEED, IN THE AGGREGATE FOR ALL CLAIMS, AN AMOUNT THAT IS THE LESSER OF (A) FIVE TIMES THE MOST RECENT MONTHLY OR YEARLY FEE THAT YOU PAID FOR A PREMIUM SERVICE, IF ANY, OR (B) US $1000.

THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS PART OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN YOU AND company AND SHALL APPLY TO ALL CLAIMS OF LIABILITY (E.G. WARRANTY, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, CONTRACT, LAW) AND EVEN IF company OR ITS AFFILIATES HAS BEEN TOLD OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF THESE REMEDIES FAIL THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY, SO THESE LIMITS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

Termination
We can each end this Contract anytime we want.

Both you and company may terminate this Contract at any time with notice to the other. On termination, you lose the right to access or use the Services. The following shall survive termination:

Our rights to use and disclose your feedback;
Members and/or Visitors’ rights to further re-share content and information you shared through the Service to the extent copied or re-shared prior to termination;
Sections 4,     7, and 8.2 of this Contract;
Any amounts owed by either party prior to termination remain owed after termination.
You can visit our Help Center to close your account.

Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
In the unlikely event we end up in a legal dispute, company and you agree to resolve it in California courts using California law, or Dublin, Ireland courts using Irish law.

If you live in the Designated Countries: You and company Ireland agree that the laws of Ireland, excluding conflict of laws rules, shall exclusively govern any dispute relating to this Contract and/or the Services. You and company Ireland agree that claims and disputes can be litigated only in Dublin, Ireland, and we each agree to personal jurisdiction of the courts located in Dublin, Ireland.

For others outside of Designated Countries, including those who live outside of the United States: You and company agree that the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of laws rules, shall exclusively govern any dispute relating to this Contract and/or the Services. You and company both agree that all claims and disputes can be litigated only in the federal or state courts in Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and company each agree to personal jurisdiction in those courts.

General Terms
Here are some important details about the Contract.

If a court with authority over this Contract finds any part of it unenforceable, you and we agree that the court should modify the terms to make that part enforceable while still achieving its intent. If the court cannot do that, you and we agree to ask the court to remove that unenforceable part and still enforce the rest of this Contract.

To the extent allowed by law, the English language version of this Contract is binding and other translations are for convenience only. This Contract (including additional terms that may be provided by us when you engage with a feature of the Services) is the only agreement between us regarding the Services and supersedes all prior agreements for the Services.

If we don't act to enforce a breach of this Contract, that does not mean that company has waived its right to enforce this Contract. You may not assign or transfer this Contract (or your membership or use of Services) to anyone without our consent. However, you agree that company may assign this Contract to its affiliates or a party that buys it without your consent. There are no third-party beneficiaries to this Contract.

You agree that the only way to provide us legal notice is at the addresses provided in Section 10.

“Dos and Don’ts”
Dos
company is a community of professionals. This list of “Dos and Don’ts” along with our Professional Community Policies limit what you can and cannot do on our Services.

You agree that you will:

Comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, privacy laws, intellectual property laws, anti-spam laws, export control laws, tax laws, and regulatory requirements;
Provide accurate information to us and keep it updated;
Use your real name on your profile; and
Use the Services in a professional manner.
Don’ts
You agree that you will not:

Create a false identity on company, misrepresent your identity, create a Member profile for anyone other than yourself (a real person), or use or attempt to use another’s account;
Develop, support or use software, devices, scripts, robots, or any other means or processes (including crawlers, browser plugins and add-ons, or any other technology) to scrape the Services or otherwise copy profiles and other data from the Services;
Override any security feature or bypass or circumvent any access controls or use limits of the Service (such as caps on keyword searches or profile views);
Copy, use, disclose or distribute any information obtained from the Services, whether directly or through third parties (such as search engines), without the consent of company;
Disclose information that you do not have the consent to disclose (such as confidential information of others (including your employer));
Violate the intellectual property rights of others, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights. For example, do not copy or distribute (except through the available sharing functionality) the posts or other content of others without their permission, which they may give by posting under a Creative Commons license;
Violate the intellectual property or other rights of company, including, without limitation, (i) copying or distributing our learning videos or other materials or (ii) copying or distributing our technology, unless it is released under open source licenses; (iii) using the word “company” or our logos in any business name, email, or URL except as provided in the Brand Guidelines;
Post anything that contains software viruses, worms, or any other harmful code;
Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decipher or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the Services or any related technology that is not open source;
Imply or state that you are affiliated with or endorsed by company without our express consent (e.g., representing yourself as an accredited company trainer);
Rent, lease, loan, trade, sell/re-sell or otherwise monetize the Services or related data or access to the same, without company’s consent;
Deep-link to our Services for any purpose other than to promote your profile or a Group on our Services, without company’s consent;
Use bots or other automated methods to access the Services, add or download contacts, send or redirect messages;
Monitor the Services’ availability, performance or functionality for any competitive purpose;
Engage in “framing,” “mirroring,” or otherwise simulating the appearance or function of the Services;
Overlay or otherwise modify the Services or their appearance (such as by inserting elements into the Services or removing, covering, or obscuring an advertisement included on the Services);
Interfere with the operation of, or place an unreasonable load on, the Services (e.g., spam, denial of service attack, viruses, gaming algorithms); and/or
Violate the Professional Community Policies or any additional terms concerning a specific Service that are provided when you sign up for or start using such Service.
9. Complaints Regarding Content
Contact information for complaint about content provided by our Members.

We respect the intellectual property rights of others. We require that information posted by Members be accurate and not in violation of the intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties. We provide a policy and process for complaints concerning content posted by our Members.
